What the hell are you?
Are you looking for death? I'm Wu Siyao's fiancé
What!
You are Wu Siyao's fiancé
Oops, just your counterfeit clothes, you poor loser
You said you are Wu Siyao's fiancé
Are you crazy?
Yes, he is my fiancé.
Did you not hear what you said?
I am Wu Siyao's fiancé
You can go now.
Bullshit
I've been chasing you for so long and you didn't agree.
Now find this guy to fool me
Is he worthy of you?
It's not up to you to decide whether you deserve it or not
You are a young master of a dignified listed company
It's not as good as a piece of junk.
That just means you're more trash than trash
Dude, I said it's impossible between us
Go quickly
In Nanchang, only I can match Wu Siyao
What you like is really important
Didn't you hear my wife tell you to get out?
Go away! Do you know who you're talking to?